not bad so in time there were you
mentes still hear one expects from
receive the messages I will read in
2 minutes 1 to send them and corentin
we call first hotels in belgium
we go I do not know where the city ​​to
charleroi we have left we must
that you call you see and you saw your life
see you saw you see you saw you see
and 7 rajoutent water to us hello
yes and no hello hello it would be for
book a room you see yes what
would be to book a room for
hands you see you saw pardon what
would be to book a room tomorrow
you do not see the eu if I understood the
last word I was told it would be
to book a room for tomorrow you
see you had always fit him to
water a room for tomorrow yeah a
room for two games be with you
your life you see you have seen and you are abusing
no I did not drink you see you saw
what name in the name of abah abah as the
let the singers the amsa it's my
family name it's a horse it's a
choice slaughterhouses horse you see your
life you see your life you see you saw well
it's ok it's ok for a room to
request be on sight with hay and all
happiness or what, however, do you see
have seen at home I want to beat you up
I know I've seen that you him
see you make your clear me I like it
more at my sweater and gentlemen
so it's not a Nazi we're going to make a
second hotel we go towards the
city ​​of mons in belgium
Come on, this is not your relative to the mons of the pass
to me I am at no physical help
chemistry what are you going for it's up to you
I make the big thought right after me
I'm not helped in my salim bed and
nissan 1h59 as the room penguins
you see you saw the third vanilla
hotel we go where I grab we're going to go
I work miron plant I write to you
your Flemish ashamed story there at my
notice this woman greets virginia I am
light sense pay attention to the water for
to book a room
yes I see to reserve a room
for two matches I see you've seen if
I am very kind of you
your share a tremolo you want my
name I do not see you swear I think I
will not need it no I 'm madam
I told Namur go ahead I'm doing
trust in lawsuits
go ahead go to these parties wait
I 'm commenting on it agree and
I know if after careful it's
quite complicated because it's a real
American action movie follows with a
buddy and we'll say hello sir yes
good evening I am the hotel of the
namibia yes very well and we're going
in five minutes the de brussels between
to the tooth well is what an hour in to
it's possible to book a
room or not thank you because it does
it is by seeing that there are riots the
in brussels ah yeah but I tell you
me why is the mafia hague or
I do not know what on the street is
a hot fight with the intriguer starts and
by the way and we'll be there in pretty much
45 minutes thanks a lot
very good two people is a little
tony whey
I'm afraid of the pages yes I was not bad
very well hockey heart me I put
my gloves and I start yes
will ride that night yes pleasure
bah
Sir Sir
Tel Aviv
sir sir no
jacques rougeau
or so here I saw that the laughter
did it do well on the air
or not at all corentin got along well
the noise is what it made well said
we the big pursuit of a sli shore
to know go do a dedication
Corentin rsa the perverts right after the
go ahead go ahead but take advantage for
son of even signings then not
too much kid down there autographed what the
music for ita medium this is the
lame laughing gp to listen to my girlfriend
hi augure thank you very much in 39 in
Jura
I found the gesture animal act that
ass
I